FPS matters more and more with increasing resolution
Weird stuff under 10fps
size 1 = data corruption
size 2-5 works
cargo build --release
720p had less crunchy sound, what about 144p ?
I tried again and I don't think resolution matters
Zip all the files

WHAT TO DO ON THE ISG:
Optimize:
    Find a tool for optimization
    GET RID OF THAT FUCKING CLONE (Doesn't matter much)
    Multithreading (thread # agnostic)
    Threads with HQ or set of designated frames ?
    Consider whether Data is still useful
    Choose a different codec ?
    What if I use a compressing codec ?
u32 instructions
    Might still be not enough, idk
    Used for end-of-file pointers
    Convert every instruction to u32
Add standard loadout

MULTITHREADING bug
    A couple of bytes in each file are off
    It is always the same places
    The amount changes as there are more Threads
    The amount of errors varies depending on file
    Might have something to do with the fact there are still extra bits
    Check difference between reading multithreading and writing
    Possibly issue of attaching thread data
    Check where the messed up bytes are
    jpg errors = n_threads
    txt errors = n_threads -1 until. Ends at 7 errors
    png errors = weird
    ^^Do these change based on individual files ?
    check if length is the same
    Possibly last byte stop counting prematurely ? Check amount of binary data at the end

1. Multithreading
    Embedding
    Reading
1.5 Add final frame + pixel pointer to instruction
2. Find optimization tool
3. Optimize
4. u32/u64 instructions
5. Standard set of options
6. Test with .zip and .rar
7. Post to github and shill
8. Help Luna with Inflation Monopoly
9. Encryption
10. Fix weird bug ?

























Fix the weird bug (GIVED UP, DO LATER)
    Make blocks start from top right corner (Gives me even sizes)
    make it so differentiates between regular, 16:9 size and actual size
    Embedding or reading an imperfect causes bugs
    Not sure if a problem of embedding or reading
    Might be get_pixel
    It's not overlapping, I'm sure
    I noticed that every second frame seems broken
    It stops me from using anything other than 360p/720p
    Might have something built in
    Might be the length of file written in instructions